Pineapple mode listing (#4824)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/apps/pineapple-mode.md

---
title: Pineapple Mode
github: https://github.com/PostHog/pineapple-mode-app
installUrl: https://app.posthog.com/project/apps?name=pineapple-mode
thumbnail: ../../apps/thumbnails/pineapple-mode.png
topics:
    - pineapple-mode
---

### What does the Pineapple Mode app do?

> Activating Pineapple Mode enables you to make it rain pineapples all over your product or website. Yes, really.

Author: ```suggestion
Activating Pineapple Mode makes it rain pineapples all over your product or website. Yes, really.
```
